I want to torture you slowly tonight.
It s a pity that Prince White has come, only relying on you now wearing the dragon robe and sitting on the dragon seat.
Soon your fate will be extremely tragic.
With me here, I'll go back with you.
Please tell me what to do?
The White Company is coming.
Why did you die?
Thai mountains on top
Face does not change color
What's that?
I believe he will have the power to turn the tide.
Spiral Qianlong
Tighten up the dragon seat
You really see him as a huge amount of money.
Money's been dead for 1,000 years.
Or do you think White Prince will leave this ant-like commodity waiting for me?
Tonight, I trust Prince White to have such a heart.
He can do that with the talent of God.
Is it possible
Hahaha, director Chen Dai, are you infected with this mental illness?
It is near Chu Jia Chi.
If he is capable.
How can the hundred billion assets of the Qin family fall into our hands?
The woman he couldn't ask for, how could she be under my pants every night guilty?
Tran Tinh Ngoc, don't be weird.
Since he sat in the dragon seat I gave it to Prince White.
The consequences of today you should think about.
This is the end of you being guilty of your crime.
You must be trampled under my feet in this life.
The one who makes you unable to turn over forever is Yang Dang.
Stand up.
It's too similar.
It's exactly the same as when you were alive.